So here's my solution for the coding problems.
So for the problem,
we are trying to find all the laws inside of the string.
So what do we do is,
we're using because the string is immutable objects.
So we don't want to construct the new string is using the string only.
Instead, we're using a StringBuilder and we are having the law over here, a IOU.
We iterating through the input and we're changing the input into a CharArray in here.
For each char, if this is a wall,
we keep it and we add it to the StringBuilder.
We're using the append to add that to the StringBuilder.
We're using the two lowercase in making sure that if
the input has an uppercase we're still append that to the string.
Then we return that to the output. Let's test it out.
So we have a task which have two test cases.
The first one we are using the input as Hello World.
You will notice all the uppercasing here and a special cases.
For second case, we are using USE courses which also we have the uppercase and the space.
The expected output for the first one is e00 here.
Because you can see e over here,
o over here, and o over here.
The expected output for the second one is
the uppercase U and all lowercase aioue over here.
Let's run it. Our program paths ought two tests.
Hope you get the right answer.